Samarpan Deb Majumder has received his Bachelors of Technology (B.Tech)
                    degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Institute of Engineering and Management in Kolkata in
                    West Bengal, India. At present, he is an incoming MS (Research) student in the Department of
                    Civil and Environmental Engineering at the University of Wisconsin Madison in the United States
                    of America. His research focus is water-energy nexus.
                    Passionate, with proven ability to pull off any given task from the assignment stage to the
                    delivery window much ahead of deadlines. Raised approximately 7 Lakh INR funding for various
                    small-scale and large-scale research projects in collaboration with a few SMEs and reputed
                    organizations and institutions. Eager to push individual limits and engage in learning cum
                    real-time implementation atmosphere. Demonstrated leadership in managing people and expertise in
                    cost reduction and achieving zero energy and zero waste.


Ankit Das has received his Bachelors of Technology (B.Tech) degree in Mechanical Engineering from the Government College of Engineering and Textile Technology in Berhampore in West Bengal, India. At present, he is a MS (Research) student in the Department of Biomechatronics Engineering in the National Taiwan University in Taipei, Taiwan. His research focus varies from biomechanics to advanced manufacturing systems.


Rohan Das is pirsuing his Bachelors of Technology (B.Tech) degree in Information Technology from the Institute of Engineering and Management in Kolkata in West Bengal, India.<br> I have a great interest in technology and am passionate about coding. I also have a keen interest in Web Development and Android Development and wish to learn and gain experience in these fields. I strongly believe in pairing technology with creativity to create efficient and powerful tools to shape a smarter future. A finance enthusiast with a strong belief that finance is the backbone of every company. I believe work ethic is a talent and there is a smart way to work hard that is far more important than the number of hours you put in.